# Reflection Post #

Before taking this class I had no idea what Digital Humanities was, I just knew I needed this class as a requirement for my major. Now, after taking this class I know Digital Humanities is about informing people about an issue that does not have much attention through technology. I've learned so much over the semester and really enjoyed how the class was structured. All the assignments and in class activities were so beneficial I wouldn’t change the structure of the class at all. 

A few of my favorite assignments were the weekly twitter posts, the blog posts and the grant project. I normally don’t use twitter so actually tweeting was super cool to me. In the past I had to make a twitter account to look up new articles for assignments but we never had to actually tweet. I think setting up an account and learning how to navigate it in a classroom setting took away a lot of my anxiety about messing up or looking dumb on social media. Tweets were a fun way of communicating and connecting with my classmates rather than discussion posts which seem so boring. 

Also, instead of having to write papers, which so many people dislike about English classes, we did these blog posts which I loved so much! Especially the very first one which was the About Me post. I thought this was such a unique way of doing introductions without the awkwardness of ice breakers on the first day like most classes. It was also really nice because you got to pick and choose whose blog posts you wanted to read and it was such a refreshing way to go about an English class. 

My second favorite blog post was when we had to create out thinglink maps which were personalized to us about our experiences on campus. I loved looking back and reminiscing on memories I've had at CNU and remembering why I chose to come here and why I also chose to stay. There really is nothing like the CNU community and the people who make it feel like home. It was super nice being able to share my story and read/experience my classmates' experiences as well. It was another way I felt like I got to know them better without actually having to have a conversation with them. 



Finally, the last assignment that was my favorite was the grant project. Although there were many parts to this project it did not seem like it was that much work than what it really was looking at as a whole. The topic me and my group members decided on was about the Latino culture which was very close to my heart since I am latina. I found it extremely interesting to learn so much about my culture in a setting I would have never thought of. 

In preparation for the grant project we had to research other digital humanities projects similar to the one we wanted to create. This was a great opportunity to learn even more about the culture in so many different ways. The DH project I chose to research was about other latin neighborhoods around the United States and what each one is known for. I knew some of the neighborhoods and have even visited them too, however I definitely learned about many others that I can't wait to go visit. 



This class was a lot of work over the semester but the assignments were so fun it really did not seem like much work at all. It was a nice breather at the beginning and end of my weeks to have this class and do some fun assignments that I actually enjoyed. I would highly recommend this class to so many other business students who need to take a writing intensive class. It was extremely beneficial to my writing skills as I had to adapt to different styles of writing. As well as learn about the different ways to potentially market or use DH in marketing. There are so many elements to DH that sometimes it gets confusing but honestly I think that’s half the fun trying to figure out if it really is DH or not. Dh can be about literally anything and I think that's the beauty of it that many people miss, you can create a DH project about any passion you have and educate others about it in a unique way. 
